Contribution Guide (#258)
fsspec/kerchunk: docs/source/contributing.rst

.. _contributing:

************************
Contributing to kerchunk
************************

.. note::

  Large parts of this document are based on the
  `Xarray Contributing Guide <http://docs.xarray.dev/en/stable/contributing.html>`_
  , the `Pandas Contributing Guide <http://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/contributing.html>`_
  and the `xbatcher Contributing Guide <https://xbatcher.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing.html>`_.

.. warning::
    kerchunk is actively in development and breaking changes may be introduced at any point.

>     In its current state, it is possible for experienced users to build kerchunk indices of datasets, where end users never have to touch kerchunk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In its current state, it is possible for experienced users to build kerchunk indices of datasets,
    which work today and will continue to work. End users of these reference sets will not be exposed
    to changes in kerchunk's code and usually don't even need to install kerchunk. 
```
